we are proud to introduce our new 4 by
front focal plane with our a CSS Orion
reticle designed specifically for
hunting applications we designed this
optic to be varied or capable of
handling heavy recoil we also included
very clear glass a very clean sight
picture at 4 by 14 as a front focal
plane it's very fast at full power very
accurate at 14 remaining true in all
magnifications let's take a closer look
at the reticle we have included bullet
drop compensation for 308 30-odd 6 and 2
to 3 wind holds have been added for 10
miles an hour five miles an hour and two
and a half
the mill system has been seamlessly
incorporated let's take a closer look at
the range estimation ranging out
white-tail from belly-to-back starting
out 200 yards and ending at 600 yards
the same range can be used for coyotes
from flip to top of the pack
poor mule deer' you will notice the top
of the number is the end point to the
top of the line
you